hey guys it's got over here so today is
the 27th of jun 2011 and and yeah the
the V log today is uh is on famous fear
long as it was supposed to be out on
Sunday but uh but I guess you know
administration at a famous me lo veas
just isn't as good as it was a at least
last fortnight I don't know what's going
on but anyway so yet today are today
it's been released Monday only about
three or four hours ago so just letting
you know that at today's be log is on
another channel as you can see right now
I am doing a clue in fact you'll
probably see the reward of it actually
on the on the video that you're about to
see on the famous keyloggers channel my
last clip is a is of me doing one of the
elite clue parks and I know just me
doing the Celtic knot and and and yessir
work so on this video footage you're
actually seeing the results whereas it
wasn't on the other one because uh
because what I did was you know I needed
video footage for for the v lager so
work so what I did was I quickly did the
first part of the clue and then I just I
went to sleep basically so um so yeah
actually I've actually only just
finished the clue now it was a pretty
easy clue I mean I did all the salt
ignore it in fact hopefully if this if
this video is long enough that I can
even prove that I guess but even the
puzzle was very easy i think i did that
in a minute finding all these scam clues
is easy and and you know what all the
effort that I put into that clue or
should I say your lack of effort because
it was so easy was rewarded by awful
awful Clouseau so you know if effort and
reward go hand in hand and I definitely
got what I deserved I got five meerkats
roles as my special item and I know what
I saw a big sea than I thought you know
what this could be a magic seat so that
makes up for everything it wasn't it was
a you seed so what you see something
like a palm tree see something like that
dragon long sort of scimitar or
something along those lines and five
meerkats cross or a total 250k very very
disappointing but but yeah and that that
was clue was from a band or so I guess
you know the moral of the story is
vandals Clues very very easy crap
rewards so so yeah but uh yeah pretty
much this video just to let you know
that the video is finally up on the on
the famous filo this chance to go check
it out hopefully there should be a link
or annotation on the video and also in
the description so a so yeah thanks guys
and until you know what I think it's
going to be wednesday i want to say
tomorrow but i think so actually you
know what there's going to be the update
tomorrow in fact i've been looking
forward to it now i have absolutely no
idea why they decided to to post
something on the runescape news whatever
the normal homepage telling us that the
update would happen on the 28 but but
yet tomorrow's the 28th doesn't it yes
it is so um so yeah i'm looking forward
up to that update so in fact there you
go that's exactly what you will see
tomorrow I won't be making a veal Oh
tomorrow but you'll definitely see me
checking out all these these loyalty
program things in fact you know what
because of my work schedule I the video
won't be up until off to something like
eleven o'clock so um so yeah I mean if
you can if you can stay away from
everyone else's up videos well then
hopefully you can see exclusively on
mine but otherwise i'm sure you know
youtube will be full of it especially
those new sort in the auras and
everything anyway expect that tomorrow
and then on wednesday hopefully I should
be going to the corporal beast to do a
to do what I talked about in the v load
that you're about to watch out for you
on famously lovers so ya gonna leave it
there human though he's been way too
long already this is like a mini gulag
so thanks for watching guys until the
video you're about to watch in five
minutes see you around